README.md, before:

# [Neighborhood Map](https://github.com/salsan/neighborhood-map) ( Catania )

This project is part of the [*Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree Program*](https://eu.udacity.com/course/front-end-web-developer-nanodegree--nd001)

## Features

This is a simple integration of [Google Maps Api](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/?hl=it) and [MediaWiki Api](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page) to [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)

## Folder Structure

After creation, your project should look like this:

```
|   .gitignore
|   LICENSE
|   package-lock.json
|   package.json
|   README.md
+---public
|       favicon.ico
|       index.html
|       manifest.json
|       
\---src
        App.css
        App.js
        App.test.js
        Catania.json
        index.css
        index.js
        LocalFilter.js
        LocalMap.js
        logo.svg
        registerServiceWorker.js
        style.json
```
## Available Scripts

This project was boostrapped with [Crete React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!


### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Author
Original made by **Salvatore Santagati** for a **Udacity project** (FEND Nanodegree).

## Contributing
All suggestions and tips will be more than appreciated but, as general rule, no pull requested are normally accepted.

## LICENSE
[MIT License](https://github.com/salsan/neighborhood-map/blob/master/LICENSE) © Salvatore Santagati

Commit message:

docs: add dependencies library used on project

README.md, after:

# [Neighborhood Map](https://github.com/salsan/neighborhood-map) ( Catania )

This project is part of the [*Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree Program*](https://eu.udacity.com/course/front-end-web-developer-nanodegree--nd001)

## Features

This is a simple integration of [Google Maps Api](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/?hl=it) and [MediaWiki Api](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page) to [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)

## Folder Structure

After creation, your project should look like this:

```
|   .gitignore
|   LICENSE
|   package-lock.json
|   package.json
|   README.md
+---public
|       favicon.ico
|       index.html
|       manifest.json
|       
\---src
        App.css
        App.js
        App.test.js
        Catania.json
        index.css
        index.js
        LocalFilter.js
        LocalMap.js
        logo.svg
        registerServiceWorker.js
        style.json
```
## Available Scripts

This project was boostrapped with [Crete React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!


### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Dependencies

- [create-react-app](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-react-app)
- [google-maps-react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/google-map-react)
- [escape-string-regexp](https://www.npmjs.com/package/escape-string-regexp)

## API

This is a list of API required for run this application:

- [Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/)
- [WikiMedia API](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page)

## Author
Original made by **Salvatore Santagati** for a **Udacity project** (FEND Nanodegree).

## Contributing
All suggestions and tips will be more than appreciated but, as general rule, no pull requested are normally accepted.

## LICENSE
[MIT License](https://github.com/salsan/neighborhood-map/blob/master/LICENSE) © Salvatore Santagati
